Update create-and-link-connections.md (#3958)
astronomer/docs: astro/create-and-link-connections.md

Some connection types require installing dependencies on your Deployment through provider packages. If your connection type requires a provider package and the provider package is neither [included in Astro Runtime](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/astro/runtime-image-architecture#provider-packages) nor included in the `requirements.txt` file of your Astro project, Airflow won't be able to use your connection.

If you are uncertain what provider package the connection needs, you can check in the [Astronomer Registry](https://registry.astronomer.io/).

1. Open the local Astro project for your Deployment.

> 2. Add the required provider package name to your project's `requirements.txt` and save your changes, or use the [astro registry provider add](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/astro/cli/astro-registry-provider-add) CLI command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add the required provider package name to your project's `requirements.txt` and save your changes, or use the [`astro registry provider add`](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/astro/cli/astro-registry-provider-add) CLI command.
```

> 3. Deploy your project with the newly added provider to your Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Deploy your project with the new provider to your Deployment.
```
